[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2016 superhero film Doctor
Strange so let's get started
there are many films in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe that came before this
film if you'd like to see their
summaries please check out the spoiler
in the cards above the film opens in
Nepal where we see the sorcerer Elias
and his elet's entering into the secret
compound chimera Tosh and they behead
its librarian they steal a few pages
from an ancient text belonging to the
ancient one
a long-lived sorcerer who taught every
student at Kumar Tosh including Callias
in the mystic arts the ancient one
pursues the traders but they escape in
New York and acclaimed neurosurgeon
Stephen strange is badly injured in a
car accident and is now unable to
operate fellow surgeons and his former
lover Christine Palmer try to convince
him to move on but strange pursues
experimental surgeries to heal his hands
strange learns of a paraplegic man who
mysteriously now has full use of his
legs strange is directed to kamar Tosh
where he has taken in by Mordo a
sorcerer under the ancient one the
ancient one demonstrates her powers too
strange revealing that there are a
variety of dimensions such as the mirror
dimension she agrees to train strange
though his arrogance reminds her of
Callias strange excels very quickly
regaining use in his hands studying
under the ancient one and Mordo and
reading ancient books from the library
guarded by master Wang strange learns
that earth is protected from other
dimensions by three buildings called
sanctum with their locations being in
New York London and Hong Kong all of
which are accessible through kumara Tosh
it is the job of the sorcerer is to
protect the sanctums
strange reads from the same book that
Kaylee's stole from learning to bend
time using the eye of agamotto morto and
juan warn strange events breaking the
laws of nature comparing it to chaos his
desire for eternal life Kaylee's uses
the stolen pages to contact a powerful
being Dormammu of the dark dimension
where time is non-existent Helius and
his forces destroy the London sanctum in
order to weaken Earth's protection they
then attack the New York sanctum
killing off its guardian what strange is
able to hold them off using the cloak of
levitation until Mordo and the ancient
one arrived Mordo and strange you become
disillusioned however by the ancient one
as they discover that she has been using
forbidden magic from the Dark Dimension
to give her eternal life kailia s-- is
able to mortally wound the ancient one
and escapes to Hong Kong the ancient one
then tells strange that he too will have
to bend the laws of nature in order to
feed chaos strange in mirto arrived in
Hong Kong to find master Wong dead and
the sanctum destroyed with a Dark
Dimension taking over Earth strange uses
the eye of agamotto to reverse time and
is able to save long
then strange enters into the Dark
Dimension to face Dormammu he creates an
infinite time loop with Dormammu with
Dormammu being unable to escape after
killing strange several times and still
unable to break the time loop Dormammu
agrees to leave earth and take Helius
and his followers with him in order to
break the time loop Marta was disgusted
with strange for breaking the laws of
nature and leaves
strange returns the eye of agamotto
touka Marta and moves to the New York
sanctum to continue his studies in a
mid-credits scene we see strange helping
Thor who brought his brother Loki to
earth in order to search for their
father and Louden the scene is actually
directly from the new Thor Ragnarok film
in the post-credits scene we see moral
confronting the former paralyzed man
stating that Earth has too many
Sorcerer's hinting that Mordo might
become the next villain so that was the
spoilers for Doctor Strange if you have
another film you'd like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
check out movie spoiler alerts on the
various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching
[Music]